Hello I'm Adewumi
I'm a graduate of Obafemi Awolowo University
Agricultural Economics student here
I just graduated last December and presently, I'm a AltShooler
I'm a Cloud Engineering student at AltSchool Africa
and this is actually my first course in tech
Although it has been challenging, at the same time, it has been exciting
The assignments...I'm actually proud of the things I've been able to achieve with the assignments
I'm proud of myself, and I really can't wait to graduate.
I look forward to graduating, let's say in October or November
Whenever it is this year, I look forward to doing that.
...and most of the time...okay
My major work at the moment; I'm a freelance writer
I write.
So when I'm not working, the you'll see me trying to cover the classes, videos
on the LMS page.
When I'm not doing that, then I'm probably trying to do my assignments
or talking to some of my colleagues at AltSchool
trying to figure out some things together
and when I'm not working or watching videos, my hobbies are swimming
I swim in my leisure time, I swim, I read books, I sleep...(chuckles)...
I eat...I see movies...and those are basically my hobbies for now.
...and welcome to my webpage.
This is an entry for the second assignment we'll be having
as a cloud engineering student.
Bye.